Fixes #32 (#33)
aptos-labs/aptos-npm-mcp: integration_guides/claude_code.md

npm install -g @anthropic-ai/claude-code
```

> 2. Obtain your `APTOS_BOT_KEY`:

Reviewer: the instruction to generate a bot api key can be found here https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-npm-mcp?tab=readme-ov-file#generate-a-build-bot-api-key

> 2. Obtain your `APTOS_BOT_KEY`:

Reviewer: Either we use the same steps mentioned here to generate a bot api key, or we link to this section from here - I prefer the later
https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-npm-mcp?tab=readme-ov-file#generate-a-build-bot-api-key

Author: Updated to link directly to the full instructions — let me know if you need anything else.

>    - Visit the [Aptos Developer Portal](https://aptos.dev) and log in with your account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Visit the [Aptos Developer Portal](https://build.aptoslabs.com/) and log in with your account
```
